Mars Dominion Blitzkrieg Genomics

Keyword: Stealth
If the attacking unit's Vector is higher than the defender's, the defender can't block it.

Temperature:
Martians can survive in -50 to 200c temperatures
Normal humans are 0 to 50c.

Oxygen:
Martians can survive without oxygen (for 24 hours or more, vacuum doesn't kill them)

Holdings have more attributes
External: vacuum
Internal: breathable
Temperature: 20c
Space station/City
System: Life Support (2) // this holding uses a life support system with 2 hp. If it fails, units at the end of each turn get a -1 counter.
System: Hull (4) // this holding has a hull with 2hp. If it is breached, the internal atmosphere changes to the external atmosphere.

Military Outpost
Environment: earth normal
Systems: PDL (1), Hull (4), Life Support (2)
Point Defense Laser (Unmanned): Force 2, Vector 1, SYNC 5
Garrison: 2

Genetic Audit
When a Mars Dominion player neutralizes* a holding, they are given a choice in how to deal with the population still living there. The population may be eliminated, or used in some fashion. Each commander uses the population in a different way.

<1>Kommandant Wolfgang:
If you conquer the holding, immediately sacrifice all the souls there to gain that much materia.

<2> Dr. Elisa Reinhardt: When you conquer a population, she can use them in her sick genetic experiments. Once per turn, she converts 1 population into a genetic monstrosity. Her card will describe four different monsters, and with each sacrifice, the player can choose one they haven't chosen already.
	1) Lurking Horror. Force 2, Psyche 1, Vector 0, Sync 3. Tap: Move to target vessel or holding if you're not there already and attack. No more than one unit may defend against the Lurking Horror.
	2) Warhead. Force 4, Sync 1.
	3) Mindbreaker. Force 1, Psyche 4, Sync 3. Keyword: Nervous Center Domination.
		Depending on how much it's Psyche attack exceeds the defender's Psyche, it has the following effect: 
		+0 target skips their action
		+1 choose where they aim their attack
		+2 target is destroyed
		+3 gain control of target until the next of your next turn.
		+4 gain permanent control of target.
	4) Apex. Force 3, Sync 3, Vector 3, Psyche 3. At the start of your turn, put a Wasting counter on Apex. It gets +1 to each attribute for each Wasting counter. When you put the third Wasting counter on Apex, sacrifice it.

<3> Colonel Kruger: When Kruger conquers a population, he lobotomizes them, cybernetically augments them, and turns them into his own Sleeping Army of fearless, thoughtless soldiers. For every soul you sacrifice, you create a Sleeping Soldier (we'll come up with the stats later).
	Sleeping Soldier 2/0/0/2. Persist: when this unit dies, if it didn't have a -1 counter on it, return it to play with a -1 counter.

<4> Admiral Eisenfaust: Puts the populations to work on board the navy's vessels. Move the souls onto a vessel or holding you control - the vessel or holding gets +1 garrison for each soul.
*A holding neutralized when an attacker occupies it for a full round, and it goes from becoming under control of its former controller, to reverting to a neutral system in the system area.

<5> Reiksprotector Adelbert
When Reiksprotector Adelbert enters, create a new  holding under your control called "The Ark" with two population. The Ark cannot be attacked unless you control no other Martian holdings. It has, "Tap, sacrifice 1 population: Choose one:
1) Remove a counter from target descendant
2) Draw a card
3) Add two anima",
and
"You may not migrate populations here using the Populate action."

When you conquer a holding, you may move the souls there onto The Ark.

<6>Major Viktor Abendroth
After he conquers a holding, X target descendants are unblockable until the end of your next turn, where X is the number of population you conquered.

<7> Lieutenant Dieter Klaus
"After you conquer a holding, migrate each soul there to a different enemy holding and put a 'sleeper' marker on them. Viktor gains: 'Remove a sleeper marker from an enemy holding: deal two damage to any target there."

<8> Major Heidi Schwarzzeit
"After you conquer a holding, you may sacrifice the souls there. If you do, Heidi gains: Tap, counter target card unless its controller pays an additional X, where X is the number of sacrificed souls."

<9> Dr. Adrienne Volkova
When you conquer a holding, you may sacrifice the souls there to create a "Bioengineered Virus". At the start of your opponent's next turn, the virus deals X damage to the population of each holding controlled by target player, where X is the number of souls sacrificed.

<10> Generalsarzt Magnus Voss ("The Harvest Doctor")
"Whenever a descendant you control dies, or an enemy descendant dies in combat with one of yours, place an 'Organ Repository' token on Magnus."
Tap, Remove X Organ Repository tokens: Choose one:

Repair X damage from target descendant
Target X descendants you control gain Regeneration until end of turn (they heal 1 damage at end of turn)
Target descendant gets +X/+0 until end of turn
If X ≥ 3, create a "Chimera Soldier" descendant with Force 3, Psyche 1, Vector 0, Sync 2